3.	Acknowledgements

I would like to acknowledge and extend myheartfelt gratitude to Prof. Anitha N, 
My SAP Labs project supervisor had volunteered to provide essential help and advice in the development of this suggested project.
Mrs. Rupali Arora and Mr. Saurabh Sharma deserve special mention for their help and guidance with project feedback and examinations.
Without their encouragement and assistance, I would not have been able to finish my job.


4.	Dissertation Abstract

The goal of this project is to develop a highly intelligent machine learning model that can predict sentiment from sales emails.
The goal is to provide a working UI dashboard with email template creation and a machine learning model. 
Users can input data into the UI, and the machine learning model will analyse the data and make predictions that will aid salespeople in making decisions.
It automates the procedure and decreases the time it takes for manual processes.


Keywords: Machine Learning, Supervised Learning, Unsupervised Learning, Natural language processing 


5.	List of Symbols & Abbreviations used

UI – User Interface
URI – Uniform Resource Identifier
API –Application Programming Interface
ML - Machine Learning
NLP - Natural language processing 

6.	List of Tables  

Table 9.1–Complete Project Plan
Table 10.1–Work Accomplished


7.	List of Figures 

Figure 7.1–Solution Architrcture 
Figure7.2–Sequence Diagram for in-page automation
Figure7.3–Sequence Diagram for calling desktop application from chatbot

8.	Table of contents

i. Cover Page
ii. Title page
iii. Acknowledgements
iv. Dissertation Abstract
v. List of Symbols & Abbreviations
vi. List of Tables
vii. List of Figures
vii. Table of contents
1. Introduction & Background
2. Problem statement
3. Objective of the project
4. Uniqueness of the project
5. Benefit to the organization
6. Scope of work
7. Solution architecture
8. Resources needed
9. Project plan & Deliverables
10. Work accomplished
11. Key challenges faced during the project
12. Potential risks and mitigation plan
13. Bibliography


1. Introduction and Background

The project is centered around the Natural language processing. NLP is a field of Artificial
Intelligence that gives the machines the ability to read, understand and derive meaning from human
languages. It can solve various problems related to natural languages like sentiment analysis, speech
recognition and etc.

The process of detecting positive or negative sentiment in text is known as sentiment analysis. 
Businesses frequently utilise it to detect sentiment in social data, assess brand reputation, and gain a better understanding of their customers.
Sentiment analysis is quickly becoming a crucial tool for monitoring and understanding sentiment in all forms of data, 
as humans communicate their thoughts and feelings more openly than ever before.
Brands can learn what makes customers happy or frustrated by automatically evaluating customer feedback, 
such as comments in survey replies and social media dialogues. 
This allows them to customise products and services to match their customers' demands.

The sales process, often known as the sales cycle, is the process by which your organisation sells its product or service to clients. 
From the initial contact with a lead through the final sale, it entails a sequence of processes.
There are seven stages in the sales process but this project mainly deals with identification of leads.
Prospect for potential customers.
Make contact with prospects.
Qualify prospects.
Nurture prospects.
Present your offer.
Overcome objections.
Close the deal.




2. Problem Statement

A sales lead is a person or business who may eventually become a client. 
Sales lead also refers to the data that identifies an entity as a potential buyer of a product or service. 
Businesses gain access to sales leads through advertising, trade shows, direct mailings, third parties, and other marketing efforts. 
A sales lead is not really a sales "prospect" per se because a business would need to examine and qualify the potential new client further to determine their intent and interest.

There are various types of sales leads, such as hot leads, cold leads, warm leads, information qualified leads, and so on.
Salespeople spent more time reading marketing and campaign emails in order to discover leads who
could become potential customers. The primary goal of this project is to eliminate the amount of time salespeople
spend identifying sales leads.


3. Objective of the project

The main objective and outcome this project is to train sales data with both supervised and unsupervised alogorithm, 
it will also extract named entity information from mail contents which can vital information to end users and 
develop a rest for API using python and flask for the inference.
There will be an machine learning solution that will assist salespeople in identifying leads more quickly
and saving time, There will be UI dashboard made of UI5 framework where users can see the results and visualizations in graph. 
the UI will also allow generating the template for sending emails to customer 
Analysis on the possibility of integration with outlook.
it solves the problem by reducing the the time and effort of sales people and allow sales team to sell products more effectively



The major goal and conclusion of this project is to train sales data using both supervised and unsupervised algorithms, 
as well as extract named entity information from mail contents that can be useful to end users, and construct a rest API using Python and Flask for inference.
There will be a machine learning solution to help salespeople find prospects faster and save time, 
as well as a UI dashboard built on the UI5 framework where customers can examine the results and graph visualisations.
The user interface will also allow for the creation of a template for sending emails to customers, 
as well as an examination of the possibilities of integrating with Outlook.
It solves the problem by decreasing salespeople's time and effort, allowing them to sell things more successfully.




4. Uniqueness of the project

There is already a product in SAP for managing the sales leads and sales process, there is different processs involved in that tools.
But mosttly its manual
There also sales teams who does this kind of work manually.
This project is elimanting manual work and also making the process more intelligent using machine leanring, its a niche area which only involves 
email conversation.
The dataset has been trained on both supervised and unsupervised alogorithm which will make ML model more intelligent
in identfying the sentiment from email conversation.




5. Benefit to the organization

SAP has a solution for this called lead management, which controls the entire sales process, but it is a manual procedure.
In SAP, there is a sales staff that keeps track of leads in excel and manually identifies sales leads.
These are the benefits it provides to salespeople in SAP.

• Reduce the time and effort for salesperson.
• ML model to assist sales team.
• Genereate named entity recognition from emails
• UI dashboard to display the model results and leads information.
• Generate a template for user which can be used for sending a mail.



6. Scope of work

The scope of this project is to create a machine learning model using supervised(SVN, random forest, naive bayes) 
and unsupervised(text blob) learning classification alogorithm and train them with sales dataset
which can be used for predicting different types sales leads, the ML nodel will also construct named entity recognition which can provide vital information 
for decision making.
There will be UI dashboard built on the UI5 framework where customers can examine the results and graph visualisations.
The user interface will also allow for the creation of a template for sending emails to customers.


The scope of this project is to develop a machine learning model using supervised(SVN, random forest, naive bayes) and unsupervised(text blob)
earning classification algorithm and train it on a sales dataset that can be used to predict various types of sales leads. 
The ML nodel will also construct named entity recognition, which can be useful for decision making.
Customers will be able to study the results and graph visualisations using a UI dashboard developed on the UI5 framework.
The user interface will also let you create a template for delivering emails to your consumers.



11. Key Challenges

The key challenges of this project so far have been:

1. To get the correct labeled dataset for sales email coversation 
2. To get good accuracy from suppervised learning algorithm 
3. To design a UI for email template generation 
4. Integrating the app with outlook 
5. Designing the UI for data visualisations


12. Potential risks and mitigation plan

The most significant risk identified thus far has been connected to supervised model training accuracy, 
which means that if data is not labelled correctly or there is insufficient data for training, the accuracy gained will be poor.
To obtain high accuracy, the training data must be properly labelled and it should be in large quantities.


